# huanchang-huanchangMerchant Privacy-policy
This App understands the importance of personal information to you, and will do its best to protect your personal information safe and reliable. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us by adhering to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of power and responsibility, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of least sufficient, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security standards in the industry. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services).
I. how do we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means that can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person independently or in combination with other information. We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes stated in this policy:
(I) provide you with online shopping service
1. Business function I: register as a user
To complete the account creation, you need to provide the following information: your name, email address, created user name and password.
During the registration process, if you provide the following additional information, it will help us to provide you with better service and experience: mobile phone number, job title, company, educational background,... . However, if you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functionality of using this service.
The above information provided by you will continue to authorize our use during your use of the service. When you log out, we will stop using and delete the above information.
The above information will be stored in the People's Republic of China. For cross-border transmission, we will ask for your authorization and consent separately.
Ii. How can we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(I) sharing
We will not share your personal information with any other companies, organizations or individuals, except as follows:
1. Sharing with express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information with others in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
3. Sharing with our affiliated companies: your personal information may be Shared with our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If affiliates want to change the purpose of personal information processing, they will again seek your authorization and consent.
4. Sharing with authorized partners: only for the purpose stated in this privacy policy, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we hire to provide third-party data statistics and analysis services may need to collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and specific purposes, and only share the personal information necessary to provide services.
(2) assignment
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except as follows:
1. Transfer with express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. In the case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, we will ask the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this privacy policy; otherwise, we will ask the company or organization to re-ask you for authorization and consent.
(3) public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information if:
1. With your express consent;
2. Disclosure based on law: we may publicly disclose your personal information under the circumstances required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or government authorities.
How can we protect your personal information
(a) we have adopted industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the service, it is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing for our website; We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our data from malicious attacks. We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information. And we will conduct security and privacy training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(b) we will take all reasonably practicable measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for such period of time as is necessary to achieve the purpose set forth in the cost policy, unless the retention period is extended or permitted by law.
(c) the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and email, instant messaging and other means of communication with our users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please use complex password to help us ensure the security of your account.
(iv) the Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access to information, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility.
(v) after the unfortunate occurrence of personal information security incidents, we will inform you in a timely manner, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incidents, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with them, the Suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you. We will timely inform you of relevant information of the event by mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to announce.
At the same time, we will also, in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities, take the initiative to report the disposition of personal information security incidents.
V. your rights
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and standards, as well as common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights over your personal information:
(a) access to your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for the exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise data access rights, you can access them by yourself by:
Account information -- if you want to access or edit your personal information and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can access this App to perform such operations.
Search information -- you can access or clear your search history, view and modify interests and manage other data in this App.
Vi. How to update this privacy policy
We may make adjustments or changes to this privacy policy in due course. Any updates to this privacy policy will be posted on our website in a time-stamped manner. Unless otherwise mandatory by laws, regulations or regulations, the adjusted or changed content will take effect 7 days after it is notified or published. If you continue to use any of our services or visit our relevant websites after the adjustment or change of your privacy policy, we believe that you have fully read, understood and accepted the revised privacy policy and are bound by it.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or Suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact q423k7@163.com
As a rule, we will reply within 30 days.
